c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.GettingStarted.dll.config
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.GettingStarted.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.GettingStarted.pdb
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Json.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Avt.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Batch.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Client.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Core.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Crm.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Dashboards.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Finite.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Gatekeeper.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Icu.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Infinity.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Metadata.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Reporting.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Routing.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Security.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Team.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Utility.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Vaya.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\bin\Debug\Trackmatic.Rest.Vortex.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\obj\Debug\Trackmatic.GettingStarted.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\obj\Debug\Trackmatic.GettingStarted.dll
c:\users\howards\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\Trackmatic.GettingStarted\obj\Debug\Trackmatic.GettingStarted.pdb
